
 :Name: mvn_kp_altplot
 
 :Author: Kristopher Larsen
   
 :Description:
   This simple routine plots one or more altitude profiles from the insitu 
   KP data structure.  Any data fields may be plotted together, on 
   individual or single plots, using both direct and function graphics. 

 :Params:
    kp_data: in, required, type=structure
       the INSITU KP data structure from which to plot data
    parameter: in, required, type=strarr,intarr
       the INSITU kp data fields to plot, maybe an integer or string array 
       for multiple choices
    time: in, optional, can be a scalar or a two item array of type:
         long(s)        orbit number
         string(s)      format:  YYYY-MM-DD/hh:mm:ss       
       A start or start & stop time (or orbit #) range for reading kp data. 
 
 :Keywords:
    list: in, optional, type=boolean
       Used to print out the contents of the input data structure.
           If set as a keyword, /list, this is printed to the screen.
           If set as a variable, list=list, a string array is returned 
           containing the structure index and tag names.
    range: in, optional, type=boolean
       if selected, will list the beginning and end times of kp_data
    oo: out, optional
       if provided, the name of the variable to which the plot created
       will be assigned.  Ignored if /directgraphic is also set.
    directgraphic: in, optional, type=boolean
       if selected, will override teh default Graphics plot procedure and 
       use direct graphics instead
    davin: in, optional, type=boolean
       As requested by Davin Larson, this keyword will flip the X and Y 
       axis of each plot.

 :Obsolete:
    The following are kept in case we wish to return this functionality

    xrange: in, optional, type=fltarr
       Minimum and maximum range for the x-axis. If multiple plots are
       included, the number of xrange arrays must match.
    yrange: in, optional, type=fltarr
       Minimum and maximum range for the y-axis. If multiple plots are
       included, the number of yrange arrays must match.

 :Version:   1.1 (2015-Apr 28) McGouldrick  

 :History:
   v1.0 (July 8, 2014)
-
